Princess Youniang
There's a thief in the house
Please step into the main hall
It's something you can't see through.
They don't think about it a few times
Maggie, let me tell you something.
You are here to reflect on me
When did you figure it out?
When are you going to my room?
Ah Liang's crystal just now
What are you doing here?
Oops
But who hasn't peed?
Stop talking, okay, okay.
No kidding.
By the way, your people are all calling in
Why aren't you worried at all?
Not necessarily mine
I didn't give the signal and they won't come in
Strange
This Rakshasa country is so unstable
Don't look at me
I don't know either.
After all, I was kidnapped to the Rakshasa Kingdom
As soon as I opened my eyes, I arrived at the Duke's Mansion
Not brother
How long have you been in Rakshasa Kingdom?
Why did you contact me today?
I've waited 100 years.
I didn't even go to Heaven to consecrate the gods
Liang my father